can we see me can we hear me
as always first order of business
once I know that once the low latency
kicks in
then uh we'll go ahead and get we'll go
ahead and get started
hey
hello everybody I'm so sorry for the
late
um but the late start today
my back and hip have been giving me
trouble but fortunately we were in such
a good position that even though we're
starting late today we will still we
should still very easily finish the book
on Thursday
it shouldn't that shouldn't harm things
at all
so you can see me you can hear me I'm
Brittany
this is Wei Yang and welcome to gaywatch
where we watch gay things today we are
today we contend with an asthmatic cough
as per usual but we also continue
reading and start to get towards the end
here of volume 3 of moto zouche I have
seen the Untamed I have not read the
book so this is a sort of reading
reaction as opposed to any kind of
actual
professional reading audio books you
know atmospheric situation this is more
you know read a little laugh a lot cry
some scream hate mxtx that kind of vibe
and we like to give people just a couple
of minutes to get the notification that
gay watch is live so that they can hop
on in if they are able
and then after that we uh we read for a
bit and then we stop about halfway
through to about 10 to 15 minutes and
then we have a second half and then
we're done we may run a little bit late
today maybe depends if we need to catch
up a little bit again we were in such a
good position
uh before now that I don't think we'll
need to but if we need to we will
because we're definitely finishing this
on Thursday even if Thursday has to run
a little bit long you know oh no more
reading it's terrible hmm we were what
were we we weren't 252 or 253
God damn
now comes for the riveting
footage of me trying to figure out where
the heck
we were
uh but uh
ah no yeah we found out about the
romantic
I think we were on 253 yeah everybody's
screaming at me 253. mm-hmm
[Music]
I know when they're doing a pretty good
job
um uh
of uh Nana because Nana was like another
one's ending and I know these go by like
so fast but they're doing a pretty good
job of releasing each volume just every
two three months it's on a pretty good
cycle in fact
doesn't the next one drop before the end
of the year
I thought maybe possibly something like
that
see
okay I think I remember about where we
were
we'll start at the very top of 253.
yeah it is it is when Zhang Chung it's
just when when Jang Chung
so we're gonna get a little bit
a little bit of a running start into it
let me pull up a little bit closer to
the mic hang on
so that you guys will be able to hear
better because this mic is
sensitive there we go
and make sure that yeah yeah okay
all right so let me make it to where
I can't see my face but I can still see
the chat
just in case you guys need to yell at me
about something
yeah
Annie 14th of December for volume four I
thought it came out in December
um
and then
I think that makes
like February for volume Five I know
they all have release dates
so that that'll be
and it really just
it works out real well for this channel
I get to read some of this and then just
enough time goes by where you're like oh
I really miss murder Sushi and then the
next one comes out so thank you
uh Seven Seas
for your release schedule
alrighty at the top of 253
I am going to read the
save system
after volume one of Heaven officials
blessing because I'm going to read
because now that I've seen season one of
Heaven officials blessing I can read
volume one
and then while we're all waiting for
season two of The Dogma for heaven
officials blessing is when I'm going to
start just reading save system
that's kind of
there will usually always be something
mxtx related going on on this channel
let's be honest
I am super curious about the hype around
save system I'm also super curious to
see what the hell mxtx is first
you know Public
Work looks like because I hear a variety
of things
but anyway the top of 253 people have
had plenty of time to get in at this
point the top of 253
he tumbled from the crater then stood up
to crudely pop his arm back into its
socket in silence wavushan squinted his
eyes to look and saw a man in purple
standing at the mouth of the demon
quelling cave with his hands at his
sides spiritual energy sizzled around
zidion the whip was what had sent when
ning flying into the cave
no wonder wedding had shown no intent to
counter-attack Juju jinling called out
jinling come here Zhang Chung ordered
coldly cultivators and various Clan
uniforms slowly walked out of the Black
Forest behind him more and more gathered
until finally a dense mass of a couple
thousand people surrounded the demon
quelling cave the cultivators in Zhang
Chung himself were soaked in Blood and
they looked exhausted the group of boys
dashed out in the demon quelling cave
crying father mother and Gaga as they
swarmed into the crowd
jinling looked hesitantly to his left
then to his right like he hadn't made up
his mind yet
jinling what are you dawdling for Jing
Chung snapped get over here right now or
do you have a death wish
Len chiren stood before the crowd
looking considerably more aged there
were even streaks of white in his hair
Wang ji he called then wangji greeted
him quietly shufu
but he still didn't move to join Lan
chiran's side
understood all too well that this was
Len Wang ji's firm and unshakable answer
with an extremely disappointed
expression he shook his head and did not
attempt to admonish him again at least
then she ran gets the message you know
he may be disappointed but at least he
understands
oh scene break damn if I had realized we
were so close to a scene break last time
I would have finished it but it's at the
top of the next page
a female cultivator in FL
ah pardon me
this is one of the many reasons I have
co-hosts
a female cultivator in flowing white
robes stepped forward with tears in her
eyes penguan Jun what is happening to
you you you're no longer yourself years
ago you were irreconcili
having a challenge with my own language
irreconcilably yeah uh at odds with him
how did the yielding patriarch be with
you and make you stand against us
ignored her
as she was denied an answer the female
cultivator could only regretfully lament
then you are Unworthy of your reputation
everyone's come to visit again way
wushan commented of course we had to
come Jing Chung replied isily Sushi was
also among the crowd his seven-stringed
guccin strapped to his back had it not
been for the yielding patriarch digging
up corpses and taking hostages with such
Fanfare as if he feared his return would
go unnoticed by the world I imagine we
would not have come we would not have
had to come calling at your lair so soon
he explained leisurely
rebuffed the accusations I clearly saved
these Juniors why are you people jumping
to accuse me instead of thanking me
many in the crowd scoffed and grumbled
now the wolf is Crying Wolf
Wei wushan knew that arguing with them
was futile but he was in no hurry anyway
come now wait with Shan flashed your
smile your turnout this time is a little
shabby we're missing two prominent
figure figures aren't we might I ask why
Le function and are not in attendance at
this Grand Occasion
Sushi sneered hmm the day before
yesterday an unknown assailant made an
assassination attempt on Le function at
Golden carp Tower he seriously injured
and zojun is doing his best to save him
why ask if you already know
um learning that jinuwanyang was
seriously injured reminded way wushan of
the heroic suicide faint that had
allowed him to carry out a sneak attack
on neeming Zhu he snorted with laughter
unable to stop himself in time susha
frown what are you laughing at nothing
answered just thinking that laughing Jr
is pretty prone to getting injured
that's all
a tiny voice suddenly spoke up
Dad I think maybe he really isn't the
culprit he was the one who saved us back
at you City and he seems to be here to
save us this time too
we wish I looked in the direction of the
voice the one who had spoken was oh yeah
zijan
however his father immediately rebuked
him kids should know to keep their
mouths shut do you understand the
situation right now do you know who that
is
weibusan withdrew his gaze and commented
calmly I get it he'd known from the
start that no matter what he said no one
would believe him
oh
I mean they didn't believe him 16 years
ago why the heck would they believe him
now
they've just had you know 15 16 years to
just build up the Mythos
whatever he denied could be forced on
him and whatever he admitted could be
twisted to fit others narratives
words had originally carried a lot of
weight but he was probably also a target
of public criticism after associating
with him for this long
mediation might have been a possibility
if lanci Chen were here to take charge
regarding Clan matters but both Lan
chi-chan and Jin guen Yao were absent
hmm curious what a coincidence
during the first stage of the burial
mounds Jin guangzhan had led the Jin
clan of Lan Ling Zhang Chung the Jang
clan of young mung Lan Chiran the land
clan of gusu and niming Zhu the niklan
of chingya the former two were the main
forces in the latter two where they are
purely for backup
oh another scene break
now the head of the Jin clan of Lan Ling
had yet to arrive leaving his men
oh God I apologize for all the coughing
today
everything
now the head of the Gin clan of landling
had yet to arrive leaving his men under
the land Clan's command the landline of
gusu was still under Lynch Iran's
command but nihua song had taken his
Elder brother's place he shrank into the
crowd still wearing the look that said
he didn't know anything didn't want to
do anything and was only there to make
up the numbers
only Jing Chung was still the same as
ever still the same era of hostility
still the same gloomy expression still
the same intense glare
but
weibushan turned his head slightly and
saw Alan wangshi there standing by his
side without a hint of hesitation or any
intention of backing down
but this time he was no longer alone
oh god oh Jesus
you ever read something so gay it makes
you cough hack up along
you ever have that uh-huh
good Lord good Lord Jesus God all right
thousands of cultivators eyed him
menacingly like tigers eyeing prey a
particular middle-aged cultivator unable
to contain himself any longer leapt
forward with a shout remember me
no we just had honestly replied
the middle-aged cultivator sneered you
don't but this leg of mine does he
lifted the Hem of His robe to reveal a
wooden limb you maimed my leg that night
at nightless city I'm showing you this
to let you know that I you Wei chin am
part of the crowd surrounding you today
what comes around goes around you get
you'll get your Just Desserts
he's he [__] died he's been [__]
dead
that's not just desserts for your leg
I don't what
I people
seemingly inspired by him another young
cultivator stepped forward as well and
declared in a loud clear voice and I
won't ask if you remember me or not both
my parents died at your hand you owe so
many blood debts I'm sure you don't
remember them but I fengmen Chung will
never forget and I will never forgive
Jesus this is all the people thinking
that the protagonists of their own movie
stepping up to confront the big bad
except he's not actually the big bad
foreign
person stepped forward a tall thin
middle-aged scholar with flashing eyes
he seemed super mundane
this time wait we shouldn't beat him to
it did I maim you the man shook his head
Wei Buchan tried guessing again did I
kill your parents Massacre your whole
family the man shook his head again
maybe Shane was amazed then may I ask
why you're here
I bear no personal grudge against you
the man said I came here to join the
fight in order for you to understand
that he who goes against the world
deserves to be condemned by all wow
he might be the worst
no matter what despicable methods you
use or how many times you crawl out of
your tomb we will send you back for no
reason other than the pursuit of
righteous Justice
this is what lawful good [__] gets
you okay you know what I'm not gonna go
on that rant
the crowd broke into deafening tears at
his declaration
well said SEC leader Yao SEC leader Yao
stepped down with a smile encouraged the
other stood up one at a time to declare
war upon Wei Wu Shan
your underling winding snap my son's
neck during the Chung Chi path ambush my
shishong died because of your vicious
curse his whole body covered in
festering sores from Wicked goo Venom
maybe it's Jew Venom
I am here for no other reason to prove
that there is still Justice in the world
evil will not be tolerated this would be
really stirring if they were going up
against the right person yeah
there is still Justice in the world evil
will not be tolerated
every single face was a light with
righteous arter every single word said
was spoken in the name of Justice every
single person was awe inspiringly
upright impassioned and brimming with
righteous indignation and lofty
sentiments everyone had no doubt that
what they were doing was a glorious feat
a heroic Act of righteousness a crusade
of good versus evil that would go down
in history exalted by all
that is the end of that chapter
we now begin at the top of page 259
chapter 15 peony for the soon Departed
oh man are we even staying in the gay
prison or are we going back
to the Past
it was Autumn and the place was mounted
by Fung hunting grounds
I think we're going to the Past
hundreds upon thousands of cultivators
would select a location where nefarious
creatures dwelled and compete to catch
the most prey with it in allotted time
to showcase the prowess this sort of
event was known as a Siege hunt
Matt
Bai Fung was a large range that
stretched for many kilometers its
abundance of prey made it one of the
three most famous hunting grounds and
host to a number of large-scale Siege
hunts a Grand Event such as this was an
opportunity for cultivation Clans big
and small to demonstrate their strength
for Clans to recruit new talent and for
wandering cultivators and trainees to
make a name for themselves
in front of Mount baifung was a large
spacious square with dozens of tall
observation decks erected around it the
crowds Milling on these decks were
restless with excitement and the air was
abuzz with their Whispers
the quietest observation deck was the
tallest and most resplendent one and The
Spectator seated there were mostly
renowned older cultivators or family
heads with their female family members
behind them stood handmaids holding
Grand canopies or large fans the ladies
seated at the front modestly covered
their faces with their smaller fans as
they observed the hunting grounds below
when the land clan of gusu's writing
party appeared all that modesty went out
the window
horses weren't usually necessary once
the chase really kicked off during a
night hunt however writing was one of
the skills the Juniors of prominent
clans were expected to learn on such a
Grand Occasion riding into the field
wasn't just part of the ceremony the
writer stirred magnificent Fanfare and
painted a splendid sight
to put it bluntly they rode horses
because the rule said so and it looked
good
side with poise on their Snow White's
Deeds slowly leading the land clan of
gusu's procession
both wore their swords on their waists
and carried a bow and quiver on their
backs their white robes and forehead
ribbons fluttering in the wind they
looked as lofty as any Immortal their
snow white boots were immaculately clean
without a single Speck of dust upon them
in fact they were probably cleaner than
most people's clothes
the twin Jades of land truly were a pair
of flawless precious stones carved by
ice and sculpted by snow the moment they
entered the field it seemed the air
itself grew fresher God damn
you want an entry paragraph for a couple
of characters Jesus
there's only one thing I would change in
there
damn there's just a little thing that's
redundant but other than that
holy sweet [__]
thrawn's of female cultivators had
fallen for them women who were more
reserved and temperament merely set down
their fans their longing gazes betraying
their eagerness women of a more
audacious temperament on the other hand
had already rushed to the edges of the
observation decks to throw flowers they
had prepared for the occasion a shower
of blooms rained from the sky it was
customary to toss flowers as a show of
admiration when encountering handsome
men and women thanks to their Clan's
Prestige exceptional talent and
extraordinary extraordinary
extraordinary that emphasis mine good
looks the Juniors of the land clan of
gusu were no strangers to these sudden
floral storms
had been accustomed to such things since
they were 13. they remained perfectly
self-possessed inclining their heads
toward the observation decks to politely
acknowledge the gesture as they
continued forward without stopping
all of a sudden Lan Wang ji raised his
hand and cut a flower that had been
thrown at his back
he turned around and saw the riding
party of the Jang clan of young mung
which had yet to depart they were led by
zhengchang who was irritably smacking
his lips the one next to him wrote a
silky black Steed resting both elbows on
the horse's head and looking off to the
side as if nothing had happened
are you
he chatted merrily with two slender
female cultivators who were next to him
you
this man this man this man really out
here I mean okay oblivious bisexual he's
so [__] oblivious that he doesn't
even realize his own like never mind
recognizing when other people are
interested in him right in a queer sense
like he can't even register his own
the by disaster rears his head yet again
lynchie Chen noticed Len Wang ji had
pulled his Reigns to a stop Wang XI
what's the matter
weighing Len Wang ji said
only then did William Shan turn his head
looking surprised what hang won Jun are
you calling me what's up
when she raised the flower his
expression as chilly as his voice
was it you
shouldn't denied it immediately nope not
me
the two female cultivators next to him
ratted him out with equal immediency
don't believe him it was him all right
the two female
I enjoyed that so much I almost read it
twice
how can
how can you guys wrong an innocent man
like this wait we shouldn't despair it
I'm mad now
the two female cultivators giggled and
laughed and pulled their reins trotting
back to their own Clans riding party Len
Wang ji lowered the hand holding the
flower and shook his head Jing Chung
spoke up Zoe June hang on June sorry
about that don't mind him
Nancy Chen smiled it is fine unwanti's
behalf I thank Wai gong ji for the gift
of the flower
ah that
supportive big brother that is a brother
who knows
as they rode off him it's The Fragrant
air and showering flowers Jing Chun
glanced over to the observation decks
also can you say something about how
wangji is in a literal Cascade of floral
Madness
and yet he still no he caught it from
behind his back it was thrown at his
back he didn't see he did not see and
yet he his gay senses are so sharp
that he
sensed Busan throwing a flower behind
his back
that is a gay radar
that is a gaydar ladies and gentlemen
yes
as they wrote off amidst The Fragrant
air and showering flowers Chang glanced
over to the observation decks a myriad
of handkerchiefs waved from the
balconies in a sea of colors
what are you doing throwing flowers like
the rest of them can't I throw a couple
at him because he's so good looking
Tomo Jing Chung snorted how old are you
who do you think you are playing games
like that way with Shan item did you
want some too they're still plenty on
the ground I'll pick them for you
he pretended to lean down and Zhang
Chung barked screw off just then
jingling's voice resounded in the Square
the writing party of the knee clan of
chingya
neeming Zhu was impressively tall his
presence was already forceful when he
stood at full height and on Horseback
his powers seemed to dominate the entire
field the clamor on the observation
decks quieted significantly
it was practically unavoidable for men
who ranked high on the charts of
prominent cultivators to be drowned in
flowers when they made an appearance but
niming Zhu ranked seventh was an
exception to this rule while it could be
said that langwang XI carried ice within
his coldness a frost colder than snow
neeming juice coldness carried fire a
rage that might combust into an inferno
at any time he was even less
approachable than Len Wang Ji even if
there were girls whose Hearts raced at
the side of him they didn't dare through
the flowers they clutched to their
chests with sweaty Palms afraid the
shower would anger him into slashing
down the entire observation deck with
one strike of his saber
but the energy of the male cultivators
who worshiped to function more than made
up for the deficit of flowers today
their cheers were particularly deafening
a man
ladies and gentlemen
next to naming Zhu was nikwa-san
in contrast to his older brother he was
smartly dressed as always stylishly
accessorized with his saber and Jade
pendants with his paper fan gently
fluttering he was the very image of a
fine young master in a turbulent world
everyone was well aware that his saber
would never leave its sheath and that
the young master in question planned on
spending the day strolling around Mount
baifung and enjoying the scenery
next after the new clan of shinho was
the Jain clan of young Mung
made their entrance in an instant the
sky was once again full of flower
showers Jing Chung's face grew
progressively darker as flowers smacked
into him while weibusan was enjoying
himself thoroughly quite at ease he
waved at the tallest observation deck
the best spot on that deck belonged to
Madame Jinn of the Gin clan of Lan Ling
today Jane Young Lee sat next to her
Madame gin was holding her hand talking
to her and gazing at her lovingly gen
Yun Lee was always described as
unassuming and demure but when she saw
her two little brothers waving to her
her face lit up
she sat down her fan and shyly spoke a
few words to Madame Jinn then walked to
the edge of the deck and tossed two
flowers towards them
she tossed them with all her strength
and for a second weiru Shannon Zhang
Chung worried she was going to fall off
the deck they only relaxed when they saw
Jian Lee's daddy herself
the two easily caught the blossoms in
hand and pinned the light purple flowers
by their hearts with a smile before they
continued onward
a good number of girls around genuinely
shot her envious looks as she returned
to Madame gin with her head down
just then a row of cultivators charged
out on tall horses
they wore light armor over their white
robes which were embellished with golden
embroidery the one leading the
procession was brightly handsome and
clad in the same light armor he was of
course the family had Jing guangzhan man
we just had some lovely wholesome ass
pure sibling interaction now we gotta
introduce this [__] really
Madame gin padded genyou on the shoulder
then roasting her feet and guided her
hand in hand to the deck's Edge to point
out the writing party of the Gin clan of
landling
amidst the cacophony of Nang and winning
a particular writer suddenly broke
formation and galloped one where one
round around the square before he
reigned his Steed to a halt this rider
was quite dashing garved in robes as
white as snow with a DOT a Cinnabar
between his brows to accentuate his
captivatingly good looks his posture
when he drew his bro when he drew his
bow was fierce and Valiant instantly
setting off a wave of frenzied fervor on
the observation decks
the writer cast a nonchalant glance in
that direction while he was keeping a
straight face with an effort the corner
of his eyes betrayed his pride
way wishen clicked his tongue and
laughed himself silly on his horse you
really gotta hand it to him he's like a
colorful peacock restrain yourself Jing
Chun warned Gigi is still watching from
the deck
relax as long as he doesn't make CJ cry
again I couldn't care less you shouldn't
have brought her here to begin with
the drink line of landling's invitation
was too insistent I couldn't say no Jang
Chung stated more like Madame June's
invitation was too enthusiastic I think
wait we shouldn't commented she'll
definitely cook up some plan later to
serve shijay and that Lord princess
together oh
as they spoke jinji Swan had already
ridden to the archery range the row of
targets was a checkpoint prior to
entering the mountain and formally
qualifying for admission to the siege
hunt all participants were expected to
successfully shoot a target from a
specified distance
there were seven circles painted on the
target each corresponding to an entry
point to the mountain the closer the
arrow hit to the red Bullseye the more
advantageous the entry point
jinji Swan didn't slow his writing speed
one bit as he retrieved an arrow from
his quiver he pulled his bow in shot
Bullseye cheers erupted from the crowds
on the observation decks wait with
Shannon Zhang Chung certainly didn't
twitch one bit at the side of jinjuan
winning such favor and basking in the
crowd's Adoration suddenly there was a
heavy hump from somewhere nearby
anyone here is still unwilling to admit
defeat just try shooting better than
joshuan someone hollered the person was
tall and brightly handsome was slightly
tan scanned and a loud clear voice this
was Jin guangzhan's nephew and jinji
shuan's cousin of the same generation
Jin zishun
wait machine engines
had gotten into an argument during
golden Corb Towers flower viewing bacon
clearly remembered this and was now
purposely provoking him
wait was Shannon merely smiled Jin
zishun looked smugged to see him give no
other response when it was the janklin
of young Monk's turn to go to the
archery range weibusan turned to the
twin Jades of land they were knocking
arrows on their bows to test their tools
Len Zhang give me a hand Len Wang she
cast him a look but didn't say a word
Zheng Chung answered instead what are
you doing now
what is it landwangji asked let me
borrow your forehead ribbon wait we
should ask
immediately turned his eyes away and
stopped looking at him when he heard
this Lan Chichen on the other hand
started chuckling Wei you might not know
this no need to explain over much
she interrupted
all right acquiesce
ah that was right a bit casually it's
like monkey but like still
Zhang Chung practically wanted to slap
way wushan off his horse he obviously
knew like when she wasn't going to let
him his forehead ribbon but he just had
to ask anyway he was just stirring up
trouble for nothing if they'd been
somewhere more appropriate dang Chung
would have slapped him
what do you need a forehead ribbon for
to hang yourself I'll lend you my belt
you're welcome in advance
as he undid the black band of his wrist
guard weirushan idly replied keep your
belt I don't want that thing even if I
can't have his forehead ribbon you
before John could finish Way We Stand
swiftly fastened the black band around
his eyes then he knocked an arrow pulled
his bow and let go bullseye
the flurry of action happened in the
flash he moved as smoothly as rolling
clouds and flowing currents the others
didn't even have time to register what
he was planning and they didn't even see
what he'd done before the red center of
the target had already been shot through
there was a brief silence before cheers
crashed over the field like tidal waves
the applause was even more Ardent than
it had been for Jin zishwan
smirked and twirled the bow in his hand
a few times before tossing it behind him
saw he had thoroughly upstaged the Jin
clan of landling he gave a heavy snort
his pride and his feelings had clearly
both been wounded it's only the first
Arrow to open the event and he said
you're just pulling flashy stunts if
you're so good why don't you keep that
blindfold for the entire hunt we'll see
what you're really made of on not by
Fung we'll determine the winner then
uh okay wait wishen replied
waved and ordered depart
the cultivator is under his command
quickly spurred their horses and charged
forth each wanting to be the first to
enter to quickly snatch up all the
highest level prey watching his Clan's
well-trained riding party depart
jinguang Shan seemed rather pleased when
he noticed way with Shannon Zhang Chung
still sitting there on their horses he
laughed
why aren't you going into the mountain
careful zishun might take all the prey
there's no rush way we shouldn't assured
him he won't
he won't
okay
okay he won't
he won't
he won't I'm sorry whoa he won't he will
not oh
oh
oh okay
the others were all taken aback
jinguangshan was still pondering what
that meant when he saw away wish and
Dismount his horse and turned to Jang
Chung you go first
take it easy Jang Chung replied don't
get too carried away Shen waved him off
and Zhang Chung pulled his reins and led
the Jane Jane Clan group into the
hunting grounds
Wei Wu Shan still blindfolded strolled
unhurriedly toward the mountain path
with his hands clasped behind his back
it was like he wasn't here to
participate in a Siege hunt but was
instead strolling in his own garden back
home
okay confident blindfolded way with Shan
it's deeply unfair
mxtx that is low
and rude and just appealing to like the
bassist of all possible instincts
it's why we love her all the other
participants were confused
was he really not going to remove that
blindfold for the entire night hunt how
could he hunt like that they all
exchanged dismayed looks but at the end
of the day it didn't concern them and
they were happy to watch the spectacle
so they departed as well
we wish and walked by himself for a long
while before he finally found a place
deep in the forests of Mount by Fung
that was perfect for a break
his stroll had been blocked by an
incredibly thick and sturdy branch that
sprouted from an even thicker and
sturdier tree stump
he slapped the wise and bark a couple of
times and in doing so determined it to
be sturdy enough for him to deftly hop
on up
the forest blocked out the clamor from
the observation decks weirushen reclined
against the tree and his eyes drooped
shut beneath the black cloth blindfold
sunlight seeped through the leaves
overhead and spilled over his face
he raised ching ching
to his lips and breathed into its
mouthpiece as his fingers skimmed along
the flute's body the clear and melodious
sound soared toward the Horizon like a
bird in flight and its Echoes resounded
through the forest distant and
continuous
Han played his flute he dangled one leg
letting it sway idly beneath him the tip
of his boot brushed the wild grass
beneath the tree and he paid no mind
when it became damp with the morning dew
that had gathered on the fresh green
grass
having finished his tune he settled back
on the tree Crossing his arms and
shifting into a more comfortable
position
his flute was tucked between his arms
and the flower diffused a faint cool
fragrance from where it was still pinned
by his heart
when he was almost at the point of
dozing off he suddenly jolted awake he
didn't know how long he had rested there
and someone was approaching
but he sensed no killing intent so he
continued to Lounge against the tree too
lazy to get up
he was too lazy to even remove the black
blindfold and only tilted his head
toward the sound
he waited a good while but the other
party still did not speak
way wushan couldn't help but be the
first to do so
you're here to participate in The Siege
hunt
no answer
you won't find any prey near me
there was still no response but the
person walked a few steps closer
now that peaked weibushan's interest
ordinary cultivators grew Airy at the
side of him they didn't dare approach
even when there were other people around
never mind interacting with him alone up
close and personal
if it wasn't for the fact that he sensed
no killing intent from the newcomer we
wishen might have assumed they came
bearing ill intentions
he straightened up slightly and tilted
his head in the direction where the
person presently stood the corner of his
lips quirked up in a faint smile
just as he was about to say something he
was suddenly shoved hard slammed back
against the tree he moved to yank off
his blindfold but the attempt was
thwarted by his wrist being seized there
was strength in that grip way wushen
couldn't shake it off and still there
was no killing intent
we wish and subtly shifted his left
seats left sleeve planning to shake out
a Talisman however the newcomer noticed
his intent and seized his other wrist in
the same manner and forcefully pinned
both his hands against the tree
weibusan raised a leg about to start
kicking when he suddenly felt a touch of
warmth on his lips
stunned he aborted the movement
what
the touch was both strange and peculiar
both wet and warm way wishen couldn't
wrap his hand
I mean neither can I hang on wait with
Shane couldn't wrap his head around what
was happening at first his mind was
completely blank when he finally
regained his senses he was shocked
his wrists were locked in place and he
had been pinned against the tree and the
person who had done it was kissing him
he struggled violently for a few moments
wanting to break free and yank off the
black blindfold but surprisingly didn't
succeed though he had the mind to keep
trying he ultimately forced down the
urge
this was because the one kissing him
seemed to be trembling ever so slightly
and weibusan had thus lost the heart to
struggle
even though this girl's
even though this girl's got some
strength in those arms of hers
it seems she's the shy and bashful type
she's nervous wreck
you're right about so many things
weighing
this had to be the case where she
wouldn't have chosen a time like this to
Ambush him she must have we will get to
this art in a second
this had to be the case or she wouldn't
have chosen a time like this to Ambush
him she must have had to summon a great
deal of Courage before she dared try
besides it seemed her cultivation was
high which meant she must have pride to
match
he rashly pulled off his blindfold and
saw her face it was sure to embarrass
her terribly
their lips brushed and pressed together
careful and cautious and loathed apart
oh god oh a sentence
that
that's a sentence
we Shane hadn't yet decided what to do
when those other lips suddenly turned
Fierce his mouth wasn't fully closed so
the intruding tongue slipped inside
easily
all of a sudden he was at its Mercy
he could hardly breathe
he wanted to twist his head away but the
other squeezed his face in their grip
and forcibly Twisted it back as their
tongues Tangled and swirled his mind
spun as well until he was thoroughly
dizzy
a pair of teeth bit his bottom lip
shocking him out of such distraction
those mysterious lips nuzzled we will
get to the art in just a second
against his own for a moment before they
very reluctantly retreated
only then did Wei Wu Shan manage to
recover his weights
left weak
left weak left Weak by the kiss he lay
sprawled on the tree for a long time
before strength finally returned to his
arms he yanked off the black blindfold
and was briefly blinded by the abrupt
glare of sunlight when he finally
managed to open his eyes there was
nothing around him Shrubbery wisen trees
wild grasses Vines but no second person
I'm just gonna present the art while I
recover
hang on let me make sure that you guys
can see it
I'm just just look at this don't look at
me I need a second
yeah
uh-huh
yeah okay all right okay so that
was actually their first kiss that's
what you guys meant
when that other kiss happen and like
that was that was the first kiss where
everybody didn't know who everybody is
but this was the first
okay okay there's a lot there's a lot to
unpack there we really we don't have
time to unpack all that
whoo
oh in fact you know what
uh towards the top of 272 let this be
the time where we take our break
it's 4 12.
I'll try to be back around 4 25
and uh we're just gonna we're gonna walk
this one off we're gonna walk this one
off where the hell is my bookmark we're
gonna we're gonna take a tour we're
gonna take a trip we're gonna take a
trip around the house or at least I'm
gonna take a trip around the house I'm
I'm gonna go I'm gonna go walk that one
off I will be back at around uh 4 25.
all right sound good let's do that oh
God
we are back
it looks like I can still be seen and
heard which is always nice
and
and we were at the top of a page weren't
we
272 yeah yeah we were
we were towards the top of 272.
and I saw somebody ask
as I was standing up to go take the
break
I saw somebody ask about
um
uh streaming the uh reaction to the
Audio Drama
but like how would that work practically
and the answer is on YouTube it wouldn't
I'm assuming it would absolutely get an
ad for copyright so if I were to do a
live stream for the Audio Drama whenever
that eventually happens
um I would do that on the gaywatch
Discord which is accessible through
patreon
um that would be how I would have to do
that but it would still
it would still be a stream it would
still be done it just wouldn't be here
on YouTube
alrighty
and I stream a bunch of stuff now over
on the Discord I can basically stream
reactions without my face but I can
basically stream reactions as I record
them
over on the Discord now and it's
way too much fun I even stream after
dark recordings like I did one last
night
it's
it's a ridiculous amount of fun
anyway let's see it's about 4 30 what's
our page situation here
we need to get to
we at least need to get to
um
I believe in order to be within decent
reach for Thursday
so if we can get a little bit farther
than that we will it just kind of
depends on any scene breaks or anything
like that
but we're still doing good we're still
good we're still on time
so hmm
towards the top of 272
was still feeling a little faint
he sat there on the branch for a while
before attempting to hop down his legs
felt weak beneath him and his head was
reeling
he quickly grabbed hold of the tree
trunk to support himself and silently
cursed his own uselessness
to think he just let himself be pinned
and kissed like that to think his knees
would still be this weak from it
ah the bottom realizing he's a bottom he
glanced up and scanned the area
there wasn't a single sign anyone else
had come through it was almost like it
had been an absurd and Amorous Daydream
weibusan couldn't help but recall all
those Tales of lustful Mountain Spirits
and love sick ghosts
but he was quite stress hadn't been some
Mountain Spirit or ghost it had most
certainly been a human
recalling how that kiss had felt a
nebulous itch crept into his heart
pressed his hand to his chest and in
doing so noticed the flower he had
pinned there was gone
oh
oh so what the heck kind of love Phantom
is Lan Wang ji man
just be popping up out of nowhere
kissing blindfold to people and then
taking a Memento really
Tuxedo Mask okay
he searched around on the ground but it
was nowhere to be found it couldn't have
vanished Into Thin Air
still stunned way wishan unconsciously
touched his lips I love that [__]
it was some time before he managed to
utter a comment on what had transpired
unbelievable that was my
no
[Music]
that wasn't like his first kiss ever no
not not flirt Wei Wu Shan not man [__]
weibusan no no no no no no no no no no
no no no no no no
I refuse I [__]
I need to throw this book somewhere
there I
that is so unbelievably surprising and
yet so unbelievably obvious I am furious
I just want words with mxtx okay just
words just give me 30 seconds 30 seconds
that's all I want
oh
ah I'm fine you know I'm okay
we searched nearby but still found no
one wait with Shan didn't know whether
to laugh or cry you know neither do I
we're in the same boat he knew
he knew the person was likely hiding
from him on purpose and wouldn't so show
themselves again so he eventually had to
abandon his Pursuit
he started wandering the forest and
after a while heard the noise of heavy
blows from ahead looking up way wishan
saw a tall white robe figure ahead and
who could that possibly be if not Lan
Wang XI you're kidding this is no that's
not
flames on the side of my face
but while
it was obviously Lan Wang ji he wasn't
acting at all like himself
wait was in it spotted him just to see
slammed a fist into a tree trunk with
such force that it snapped in Twain
I imagine Len Wang she has to do a few
push-ups right now
you know
dear God he would be blessed by a very
very cold rain right now
wait we shouldn't thought the site to be
very strange Lin Jen what are you doing
the figure Whirled around sure enough it
was lan Wang XI his eyes were bloodshot
and his expression was rather
frightening way wishen was stunned by
the sight whoa scary leave then when she
snapped I just got here and you're
telling me to leave wait wishan said do
you hate me that much
stay away from me Lan Wang she shouted
this was the first time he'd seen Len
when she lose his composure like this
aside from the days they'd spent in the
shranu of Slaughter's cave it had been
understandable back then given the
extreme circumstances but everything was
perfectly fine today so why was he being
like this
it's a mystery way wushan we may never
[__] know
took a step back to stay away but
continued his questions
hey Len Jen what's going on with you are
you okay if something's the matter speak
up
then Wang XI wouldn't meet his eyes
instead he drew bichen glimmers of blue
light slash pastors and surrounding
trees were shredded by the sword Chi
moments later they all collapsed with a
loud Rumble that's hot wangji if you're
trying to turn this boy off that's not
how you do that
he stood there in silence his grip on
his sword tightening yes yes you know
what take a drink
laughs
I don't care what you're drinking take a
drink
[Music]
until his knuckles turned white
it seemed he had calmed down somewhat
then he suddenly looked over again and
his heated stare fell on Wei Wu Shen
U shed was entirely puzzled
he had been blindfolded for over two
hours so the sunlight was still too much
for his eyes with the black blindfold
removed they now kept tearing up his
lips were also slightly swollen knowing
he must look quite unsightly
he couldn't help touch his fingers to
his chin as line Wang she continued to
stare
lanzan
it is nothing
wrong ji stated
he sheathed his sword with a swing then
turned and left
en still felt something was off about
him so after some thought he hurried
after him just in case
he attempted to Lunge for lion Wang xi's
wrist to take his pulse but the man
sidestepped and dodged away glowering
coldly at Wei Wu Shan
don't look at me like that whatever Shan
said I just want to see what's going on
with you you are acting really strange
just now are you sure you didn't get
poisoned or have an accident recently
during a night hunt or something
no
seeing that his face had returned to
normal and he was probably fine now Wei
Wu Shan finally relaxed while he was
curious as to what had been the matter
it wasn't his place to pry so he settled
for some Idol chatter really
he didn't keep pushing hmm then Wang XI
didn't respond at first but his way we
should went on and on he began to give a
terse word here and there in reply
The Remnant heat and swelling on Wei Wu
Shan's lips was a constant reminder that
he just lost the first kiss he'd been
protecting for 20 years
he'd been uh smooched silly love to turn
a phrase and he didn't even know who did
it or what they looked like absolutely
unbelievable
foreign
no no come on come on
Legend have you ever kissed anyone
he asked all of a sudden
if Jing Chung had been there to hear the
frivolous question he would have
immediately pulverized him
Len Wang ji abruptly stopped in his trap
tracks his voice was cold and somewhat
stiff
why do you ask
wavushan started to laugh looking like
he understood his smile was so wide that
his eyes curved at the corners you
haven't have you I knew it I was just
asking no need to be so angry
how would you know
I need a moment to drown and all of the
dramatic irony
I'm like
choking on it
Jesus
well it's pretty obvious way we should
have explained you're always stiff as a
board who dare kiss you and of course I
don't expect you to ever take the
initiative to kiss anyone
I bet you'll be hanging onto your first
kiss for the rest of your life
he seemed very pleased with himself she
remained expressionless
but his face seemed to relax a bit yes
wangji you can breathe easy Wu shenz a
damn idiot he does not know
ah
he spoke only after we wishen was done
laughing
what about you
excuse me
me wait with Shan arched an eyebrow do
you even need to ask of course I'm
experienced
Landmark G's expression which had only
just eased was now once again covered by
a bitter blanket of frost and snow
we wishen suddenly fell quiet
this poor gay man
can we get a break for this poor gay man
I guess not for another 15 16 years
he listened for a moment with wrapped
attention then dragged land Wang ji
behind some strawberry now we're in a
bush
y not knowing what this was about was
going to ask when he noticed way wishan
fixedly staring at something following
his line of sight he saw two figures one
white and one purple one in front and
one behind they walked slowly emerging
from beneath the blue skies
the one in front was tall and build and
handsome in appearance but imperious and
bearing Cinnabar was dotted between his
brows his white robes were lined with
flowing golden hems and his fine
accessories gleamed bright what was
particularly notable was his stride he
paraded about with his head held high
his expression and demeanor were both
steeped in arrogance
it was none other than jinzi Schwann
the one following behind him however was
petite her steps were small and hurried
and she held her head low and stark
contrast to jinji Swan's flouncing it
was Jane Young Lee
I just knew Madam Jin was gonna get CJ
in this golden peacock to take an
unaccompanied unaccompanied
unaccompanied stroll together wait with
Shan thought next to him Len Wang she
noticed his scornful expression and
asked in a whisper what quarrel do you
have with jinzi Schwan
humped why did he hate Gins you Swan so
much this conflict of theirs had a long
history
ever since they were maidens Madame you
and jinzy Schwan's mother Madam Jin had
been exceedingly close friends they had
sworn an oath to each other long ago if
their future children were both sons
then the boys were to become sworn
Brothers if the children were girls then
they should be sworn sisters and if they
were one boy and one girl then they
would be husband and wife the two Clan
Mistresses Clan Mistresses shared an
intimate friendship
they knew each other inside and out and
were well matched in social standing
the marriage should have been more than
perfect everyone called it a match made
in heaven unfortunately the pair in
question didn't agree
the world had revolved around jinjuan
ever since he was young he was born fair
and tender of skin and the Cinnabar
dotted between his brows was like the
chariotop of his prestigious background
and his naturally Keen intellect he was
loved by practically all who met him and
his pride knew no bounds Madame gin had
brought him to visit Lotus Pier a few
times neither Way Usher nor Jiang Chung
liked playing with him but genuinely was
always there wanting to feed him
whatever she'd made that day however
jinji Swan didn't really pay any
attention to her which frequently made
way wishen and Zhang Chung's squawk
entire
the months that way wishen had spent
wreaking havoc in the cloud recesses
made the arranged marriage between the
Jinn and the Jang fall through after he
returned to Lotus Pier he apologized to
Jen Young Lee but she said nothing in
response she only stroked his head waver
Shannon zhen Chung both thought the
matter ended there and that the
dissolution of the arranged marriage
satisfied everyone
they only found out sometime later that
zhangyan Lee must have been quite
heartbroken
in the middle of the sunshot campaign
the Jane clan of young mung's forces
traveled to the Lany region Lange
region to provide reinforcements for the
Jing clan of Lan Ling since they were
urgently lacking Personnel Jian Lee
traveled with them to the battlefield
she was aware her cultivation was weak
so she instead did what she actually
excelled at fixing everyone's meals
objected at first but she'd always been
an expert cook and was happy to do it
she got along well with others and
didn't overwork herself not to mention
her duties kept her away from danger
eventually the two determined it wasn't
a bad plan
because conditions in the area were
tough the meals were generally fairly
wretched
gen Yun Lee worried that her picky
little brothers wouldn't eat well
privately made extra soup for Wei Wu
Shan and Zhang Chung every day
unbeknownst to anyone but Jian Lee
herself she would also make a third
serving of soup this serving was given
to Jin zushwon who was also at lanya at
the time
jinzi Schwan didn't know about it either
although he greatly enjoyed the soup and
was very thankful to whoever was
thoughtful enough to give it to him
Jayden Lee never left her name behind
furthermore no one knew about all of
this had been witnessed by a lower
ranking female cultivator
the female cultivator in question was a
servant of the Gin clan of Lan Lang
because her cultivation was weak she had
the same duties as jangyan Lee she was
fairly good looking and knew an
exploitable opportunity when she saw one
after following Jake only a few times
out of curiosity she quickly guessed
what was going on and her acting
Immaculate seized the chance
after gen Yun Lee delivered the soup she
idled outside Jinja Swan's room and
purposely allowed him to catch a glimpse
of her
having finally caught the mysterious
Chef jinji Shuan naturally had the mind
to ask questions the girl very cleverly
did not admit to anything but denied it
all with vague words and flushed cheeks
such a performance made it seem like she
had indeed been the one leaving the soup
but didn't want jinji Swan to know of
her painstaking efforts and so naturally
jinji Swan didn't force her to admit
anything
however he began to show that female
cultivator favor he looked after her
even promoting her from servant to guest
cultivator this went on for a long time
without genuinely suspecting anything
was amiss until one day after dropping
off the soup
she ran into jinjuan as he returned
briefly to his room to retrieve a letter
naturally jinji Swan had the mind to ask
what genuinely was doing in his room she
didn't dare say it first but jinji Swan
began to sound increasingly suspicious
of her naturally this left her no choice
but to tell the truth with great
trepidation but someone else had already
used the same excuse
so naturally it was easy to imagine
jinji shwen's reaction he exposed Jian
Lee's lies on the spot
Jay Yun Lee had never imagined something
like this could happen she had never
been the type to flaunt anything about
herself in fact barely anyone even knew
she was the daughter of the Jang clan of
young Mung she could provide no strong
evidence on such short notice and the
more she tried to defend herself the
more disheartened she became
in the end Ginger Sean stiffly tossed
this comment at her don't think you can
steal credit for and trample all over
the kindness of others just because you
come from a prominent Clan
a vulgar birth can sometimes breed a
character more noble than any of the
prominent Clans please mind your conduct
finally understood the implications of
jinji Swan's lecture
he had never believed that someone like
her a daughter of a prominent Clan but
one with such weak cultivation could do
anything substantial on the battlefield
Battlefield or help with anything at all
bluntly put he thought she was just
trying to find an excuse to get close to
him that she was only there to add to
the chaos
ginsey Swan had never known her never
even thought to try and get to know her
so naturally he would never believe her
words
having been rebuked so harshly by him
Daniel Lee burst into tears on the spot
this happened to be the part of the
scene way wishan witnessed when he
returned
although his shijo was good tempered
other than during their reunion after
the destruction of lotus Pier during
which the three of them huddled together
bawling their eyes out
thanks for that little mini aside
she rarely shed a single tear in front
of anyone never mind crying so loudly
pitifully and in front of so many people
utterly panicked way wushan asked her
what had happened but genuinely was
crying too hard to speak coherently
and then he saw jinji Swan standing
there on the side completely stunned of
course it had to be that damned [__]
again weibushan flew into a rage
launched a kick at jinzi Schwan and the
two began to tussle
it wasn't earth-shaking fight all the
cultivators in the area swarmed out in
Mass to try and break the two apart
after piecing together what had happened
from all the talks swirling around Wei
Wu Shen was even more livid he demanded
that someone dragged the female
cultivator out for questioning all while
swearing to jinzi Schwann that he would
one day die by Wei Wu Shan's head
when the full truth came out jinji Swan
was completely Frozen his face was Ashen
and he didn't attempt to re uh to rebut
a single bit of the verbal abuse that
way we shouldn't continue to sling at
him he didn't even defend himself
against weirushan's Fists if Jang Yen
Lee hadn't gone forward to catch Wei Wu
Shen's hand and if Zhang Chung and
zhenguang Chung hadn't shown hadn't also
shown up to Dragway was shown away jinji
Shawn probably wouldn't be participating
in today's Mount baifung Siege hunt
who
though genuinely remained in lanyard to
help out she focused on her own duties
and never delivered soup for jinji Swan
again she no longer even looked him in
the eye
oh these two
the crisis in langia was resolved not
long after so away with Shan and Zhang
Chung took her back home to young man
whether it was because he felt guilty or
because he'd been horribly scolded by
Madame gin jinzi Schwan started asking
after Jan yelling more and started
asking after zhangyan Lee more and more
often after the conclusion of the
sunshot campaign
those who knew about the incident called
it a simple misunderstanding what did it
matter now that things have been cleared
up but weirushan vehemently refused to
accept this he hated jinji Shrine that
presumptuous Lord princess that
ostentatious peacock that bogalod blind
man who only cared for outside
appearances
he didn't believe
I didn't believe for a moment that an
arrogant prick like jinji Shuan would
recognize his own mistakes and suddenly
start caring about zhangyan Lee
hello
the changes in his behavior will almost
certainly only due to Madame Jin's
intervention she must have badgered and
rebuked him so hard that he finally
dragged himself to reluctantly and
arduously complete his mission
interesting
how this is one of the rare interests
rare instances where weibusan himself
actually falls into the pit of uh
judgment
like everybody is want to do like
sometimes
once in a while but like even Wei Wu
Shen every now and then
judges just by what he sees
in this present moment however even
though he was like you understand where
he's coming from but it's still like
he's still making assumptions
in this present moment however whatever
his personal feelings might be weibusan
had to stay hidden if he didn't want to
make things difficult for zhangyan Lee
I'm so sorry for all the coughing today
Len Wang she turned and regarded him
with a confused expression with no time
to explain weibusan only placed his
finger against his lips to gesture for
silence before continuing to spy on the
other two
a pair of light eyes briefly stared at
those full wet warm lips before moving
their gaze elsewhere
you can't that that
just came out of nowhere and clocked me
across the face
God you know I had just we were just
starting to get and now you dragged me
all the way
on the other side of the clearing jinzi
Schwan pushed apart some tall grasses to
reveal the thick meaty body of a snake
monster he leaned over to examine it for
a moment and then announced his findings
it's dead genuinely nodded it's a sizing
snake jinji Swan explained pardon
a monster from the barbaric lands in the
South jinji swing continued on when it
encounters humans it'll push itself
upright to compare Heights if it's
taller than you it'll swallow you whole
it's not too tough though it only looks
scary that's that sounds like that old
it sounds like that old um uh
urban urban myth
it's like that old Urban myth about the
person it doesn't really matter who the
person is it's just like an adult who
had like a huge ass snake and it would
like lay with it and the snake would lay
with the human every night to like sleep
and like oh how cute is that and then
it's like they find out later that like
snake behavior is like laying its body
out alongside used to measure if it can
eat it or not or whatever and was like
getting prepared to eat it or whatever
but like that's a weak ass Urban myth
that's exactly what that reminds me of
like almost precisely
genuinely seemed confused as to why he
was suddenly giving her such
explanations at times like these it
would have been polite to respond with
jinxi is very knowledgeable Jin gang ji
is much composed or other such polite
banalities but what he had just said was
common knowledge and an extremely
shallow observation at that he seemed to
be talking just for the sake of making
conversation any compliments she paid
him would be obviously fake and
insincere Jin Guang Yao was probably the
only one who could say such things
without qualms
and so Jen Young Lee could only not
again in response wait we shouldn't
figured she'd been doing that the whole
way here
a suffocating blanket of Silence
descended on the scene after that the
awkwardness was tangible oozing through
the grass to take hold of the two hiding
behind it as well it was a while before
jinji Swan finally began to escort
genuinely back the way they came
he was still explaining as he walked the
skin of the sizing snake is scaled and
its long fangs commonly grow past its
chin that specimen is likely a mutated
variety the average cultivator can't
easily handle them and common folks
can't even breach the Scaled Armor he
paused briefly then regained his
nonchalant tone but it's really no big
deal there's no prey worthy of note at
this year's Siege hunt well nothing that
can hurt anyone from Land laying
the conceited haughtiness surged up
again toward the end of his speech
weirushen was quite irked by the whole
thing but suddenly noticed that
lanwangji was staring him passively at
jinji shwen he curiously followed his
gaze and was instantly struck speechless
since when does that guy walk like he's
got two left feet
it would be best if no one got hurt at
all during Siege hunts jangyan Lee said
what's the value of prey that can't do
harm jinji's friend replied he you come
to the gym clan of landlings private
hunting grounds you could see a lot of
rare monsters weibushan snorted in
silence who wants to go to your family's
hunting grounds he's such an older
brother
it seemed jinji Swan had started
drafting her itinerary all on his own it
just
a Jessie next month so I can take you
many thanks for Jin gong ji's invitation
but there is no need to go to the
trouble jangyan Lee replied quietly
jinji Swan was taken aback for a moment
before blurting out why
how did one answer a question like that
genuinely bowed her head seeming uneasy
you don't like watching Siege hunts
jinji Swan guest
then why did you come this time
certainly wouldn't have come if it
hadn't been for Madame Jin's
enthusiastic invitation but how could
she provide an answer like that
seeing her remain silenced jinji Swan's
face turned a myriad of colors from
cherry red to Ash and pale clearly
extremely upset he tried to hold it in
for a moment then forced out a stiff
question
do you not like watching Siege hunts or
do you not like being with me
it's not that James Conley said in a
small voice
knew what was going on here she was
afraid that jinji Swan had been
unwilling to invite her and had only
done so because Madame Jin demanded it
and so she didn't want to trouble him
any further but how could she Swan know
all that he only knew that he'd never
felt so embarrassed in his life Not only
was this the first time he'd ever been
rejected by a girl it was also the first
time he'd ever extended a girl in
invitation like this and it had been
rejected a burst of hostility rushed up
within him and after a moment he sneered
fine
I'm sorry Jang only apologize what are
you sorry for Genji Swan said coldly
think what you will either way it wasn't
me who wanted to invite you so if you
don't want to come then forget about it
heterose
the blood shot straight away wushan's
head at first he wanted to charge forth
and punch jinji Swan again but then he
had a thought
it'll be good for CJ to see that guy's
true colors and cast him aside forever
never pay him another thought again and
so he suppressed his anger and steals
himself to endure it a bit longer
djangian Lee's lips quivered but she
said nothing she bowed to jinji Shrine
please excuse me she said quietly she
silently turned to leave on her own and
head back to the observation decks jinji
Swan stood there numbly for a moment his
gaze directed away from her moments
later
he suddenly shouted to her hold it and
we're going to have to end there
because it's almost five
and I've gotta go
but we are towards the we are towards
the bottom of 284.
so we are definitely within finishing
range
uh for Thursday
so we can go ahead and stop here where's
my bookmark there it is
um
so that is it for this live stream I
hope you guys had fun I always do
um I will as always go back and read all
the comments that happened over the
course of the stream because I can't
read them while I'm reading during it
um but uh let me know what you got up to
during this hour and I will see you on
Thursday at the same time meaning 3 P.M
and we will hopefully not have to start
late for finishing this volume I'm very
curious to see where it actually ends uh
but take care of yourselves and I will
see you on Thursday